# Corporate Contributor License Agreement (CLA)

In order to clarify the intellectual property license granted with Contributions from any person or entity, Herzog & de Meuron Basel Ltd. (incl. any of its subsidiaries, hereinafter HdM) must have a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) that has been signed by each Contributor. 
1.	Definitions
"You" (or "Your") or "Contributor" shall mean the copyright owner or legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is entering into this CLA with HdM.  
"Contribution/s" shall mean the code, documentation or any original work of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to HdM for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products owned or managed by HdM (the "Work"). 
2.	Grant of License 
You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for your present and future Contributions submitted to Work of Herzog & de Meuron. 
By submitting your Contributions, You grant HdM  a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicenseable, transferable license in perpetuity under all of Your relevant intellectual property rights (including worldwide copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secret rights, know-how and any and all other rights therein), to use, copy, prepare derivative works of, distribute and publicly perform and display the Contributions on any licensing terms, including without limitation: (a) open source licenses; and (b) binary, proprietary, or commercial licenses. Except for the licenses granted herein, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to the Contribution.
3.	Representation and Warranty
You confirm that you are able to grant these rights. You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above license. If Your employer has rights to intellectual property that You create, You represent that You have received permission to make the Contributions on behalf of that employer, or that Your employer has waived such rights for the Contributions.
You represent that each of Your Contributions are Your original creation, respectively works of authorship, and to Your knowledge, no other person claims, or has the right to claim, any right in any invention or patent related to the Contributions. You also represent that You are not legally obligated, whether by entering into an agreement or otherwise, in any way that conflicts with the terms of this license.
HdM acknowledges that, except as explicitly described in this CLA or unless required by applicable law, any Contribution which you provide is on an "as is" basis, without warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation any warranties or conditions of title, non-infringement, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose. 

